Hello Everyone a very warm greetings to you all.....

Did you know that the average person's attention span has dwindled to just 8 seconds? To put that in perspective, it's shorter than the attention span of a goldfish!     
In our hyper-connected world, where notifications, ads, and distractions bombard us constantly so it's essential to grasp the importance of focus and attention+ .     
 Today, we'll explore the surprising science behind what captures our attention and how focus plays a pivotal role in our daily lives.


Hello, everyone. My name is [Durga Prasad kakileti], I am a 3rd year Engineering student in the branch Computer Science and I'm delighted to have the opportunity to speak with you today.
Today, I'm here to share my insights on [Lack of focus in our current generation]. 
I hope that by the end of our time together, you'll have a better understanding of [How can we should get focused]. 
Thank you for having me here, and without wasting the time,let's dive right in.

what is focus...?
Focus is the act of giving all your attention to one thing, like a laser beam locking onto a target.
 It helps you do your best on tasks and not get distracted by other stuff around you.

The lack of focus in today's generation can be attributed to several factors:


1)Digital Distractions:It is the major problem in our life to easily get distracted.
				The prevalence of smartphones, social media, and constant notifications can easily divert attention away from important tasks. 

2)Information Overload: With the internet providing a vast amount of information at our fingertips,
				People often find themselves jumping from one topic or task to another without fully concentrating on any one thing. 
				This results to the decreacresed productivity.

3)Multitasking Culture: Many believe that multitasking is a way to be more productive. However, it often leads to reduced focus and lower-quality work. 
				how can we put 100% effort in mutliple tasks at a time....

4)Lack of Sleep: Many people in today's fast-paced world do not get enough sleep....majority of the students either boys or girls are always in phone call through out the ni8.
		     This results in maintaining the focus 

If the student want to focus on the studies ,firstly he should focus on concept taught by the teacher.
If the teaching style is not interactive or does not align with students' learning preferences, they may become disengaged



These are the main reasons for the lack of focus in the students....


Teachers(in every field) are the main 